Fix mutually exclusive fields and definition sample (#413)
oam-dev/spec: 4.workload_definitions.md

| Attribute | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
|-----------|------|----------|---------------|-------------|
| `definitionRef` | [`DefinitionRef`](#DefinitionRef) | Y | | Workload schema reference. |

> | `extension` | unstructured | N | | <kbd>EXPERIMENTAL</kbd> A unstructured field for the implementation to reuse definition object carry extra information for UI or helper purpose. For example, a markdown description of how to use this workload etc. The implementation should NOT abuse this field for other purpose. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `extension` | unstructured | N | | <kbd>EXPERIMENTAL</kbd> An unstructured field for the OAM platform builders to carry extra information in the definition objects for UI or helper purposes. For example, this field can contain a markdown description of how to use the workload. The implementation should NOT abuse this field for other purposes. |
```
